hello farmer how are you
I traveled here and decided to look to
oh how old are your new farm
animals is a spider this she says mu a
cow gives you milk
and what do you make from sour cream milk and
stern and cheese and cottage cheese and cream which
you have a good corolla
but who is this and dig it and lamb
how does he talk about b
look at the lamb here it is what a lamb
lamb gives a lot of wool and what are you
then happiness you make warm socks
probably knit warm scarves gloves
how many interesting things I recognized you farm
how and what kind of animal is this pig
give and how she speaks
how cool are you all so pink
such a cute pig gives meat meat
do you like to eat meat last and who is this
goat hello rosette
my name is willy i am a little red
machine
I love to travel and today
drove his friend farmer and how are you
case and that the goat gives milk gives
milk and how she talks
goat talking bye bye
I'll come to you tomorrow you will have a new one
Animals will definitely come bye